data/ideas_MD/Student Engagement/Optional Resources.md, before:

# Optional Resources
## Brief Description
Add optional resources like blog or news articles about current applications, conference posts, 
YouTube videos of interviews or experiments that ponder the topic, or even in-depth journal articles 
which invite further exploration to your courseware. 
Contents hosted on external webservers cannot be an obligatory part of course requirements due to potential 
legal issues regarding data privacy. (For those of you who are interested, you might want to have a look at 
the website of the 
<a href="https://www.uni-osnabrueck.de/universitaet/organisation/zentrale-verwaltung/datenschutz-und-it-sicherheit/">data privacy officer</a>) 

## Technology
- <a href="https://hilfe.studip.de/help/5.0/en/Basis/CoursewareBloeckeEmbed">Embed Block</a>: With this block, image, audio, video, code (e.g., codepen codesandbox) content from various 
platforms can be integrated into courseware.
- <a href="https://hilfe.studip.de/help/5.0/en/Basis/CoursewareBloeckeIFrame">iFrame Block</a>: This block integrates external content from other websites.
- <a href="https://hilfe.studip.de/help/5.0/en/Basis/CoursewareBloeckeLink">Link Block</a>: With the link block, links can be set to structural elements within courseware and 
external links can be created.
- <a href="https://hilfe.studip.de/help/5.0/en/Basis/CoursewareBloeckeDateiordner">File Folder</a>: a folder from the file area of the event can be integrated into courseware.
- <a href="https://hilfe.studip.de/help/5.0/en/Basis/CoursewareBloeckePDF">PDF Preview Block</a>:  preview PDF files from the file area in courseware for reading and downloading 
(PDFs will be rendered as images, hence screen readers won’t work) 

## Implementation Steps 
For learning how to use Courseware, please consult the  <a href="https://hilfe.studip.de/help/5.0/de/Basis/CoursewareVideotutorials" target="_blank">crash course</a>

## Recommendations 
Make it a habit to note down material that you encounter by chance. 

## Teacher Effort 
- If you have the additional material at hand and are familiar with courseware, embedding links takes about 5-15 min./ unit., depending on how you imbed the material in courseware.  
- Check the  <a href="https://hilfe.studip.de/help/5.0/de/Basis/CoursewareVideotutorials" target="_blank">crash course</a> (quick!) which gives you all you need to know for handling courseware smoothly.

## Use cases
- Suitable for any material that is interesting but not substantial / essential to understand the topic or to pass the course 
- Integrate (YouTube) videos with the video block, related websites, or podcast episodes about the unit/ to hear how others discuss the issue, etc. 

## Reusable
(Parts of) your courseware can be copy + pasted to other courses which are about similar topics. 

---
[//]: <> (Reusable='yes') 

[//]: <> (testimony= Peter? Laura? Tobias?)


[//]: <> (References='emtpy') 

----
[//]: <> (task_complexity='1')

Commit message:

updated optional resources --> encourage further exploration

data/ideas_MD/Student Engagement/Optional Resources.md, after:

# Encourage Further Exploration

## Brief Description
Encourage further exploration by adding optional resources like blog or news articles about current applications, conference posts, 
YouTube videos of interviews or experiments that ponder the topic, or even in-depth journal articles 
which invite further exploration to your Courseware material. 

*Contents hosted on external webservers cannot be an obligatory part of course requirements due to potential 
legal issues regarding data privacy (<a href="https://www.uni-osnabrueck.de/universitaet/organisation/zentrale-verwaltung/datenschutz-und-it-sicherheit/">data privacy officer</a>).*

## Technology
- <a href="https://hilfe.studip.de/help/5.0/en/Basis/CoursewareBloeckeEmbed">Embed Block</a>: With this block, image, audio, video, code (e.g., codepen codesandbox) content from various 
platforms can be integrated into courseware.
- <a href="https://hilfe.studip.de/help/5.0/en/Basis/CoursewareBloeckeIFrame">iFrame Block</a>: This block integrates external content from other websites.
- <a href="https://hilfe.studip.de/help/5.0/en/Basis/CoursewareBloeckeLink">Link Block</a>: With the link block, links can be set to structural elements within courseware and 
external links can be created.
- <a href="https://hilfe.studip.de/help/5.0/en/Basis/CoursewareBloeckeDateiordner">File Folder</a>: A folder from the file area of the event can be integrated into courseware.
- <a href="https://hilfe.studip.de/help/5.0/en/Basis/CoursewareBloeckePDF">PDF Preview Block</a>:  Preview PDF files from the file area in courseware for reading and downloading 
(PDFs will be rendered as images, hence screen readers won’t work). 

## Implementation Steps 
For learning how to use Courseware, please consult <a href="https://digitale-lehre.virtuos.uni-osnabrueck.de/eintrag/courseware/" target="_blank">Courseware Digitale Lehre @UOS</a>

## Recommendations 
Make it a habit to note down material that you encounter by chance. 

## Teacher Effort 
*MAXI: These tips require more intensive preparation and are more suitable as ideas for future semesters.*

- If you have the additional material at hand and are familiar with Courseware, embedding links takes about 5-15 min./ unit., depending on how you embed the material in Courseware.  
- Check <a href="https://digitale-lehre.virtuos.uni-osnabrueck.de/eintrag/courseware/" target="_blank">Courseware Digitale Lehre @UOS</a> which gives you all you need to know for handling courseware smoothly.

## Use cases
- Suitable for any material that is interesting but not substantial / essential to understand the topic or to pass the course 
- Integrate (YouTube) videos with the video block, related websites, or podcast episodes about the unit/ to hear how others discuss the issue, etc. 

## Reusable
(Parts of) your courseware can be copy + pasted to other courses which are about similar topics. 

---
[//]: <> (Reusable='yes') 

[//]: <> (testimony= Peter? Laura? Tobias?)


[//]: <> (References='emtpy') 

----
[//]: <> (task_complexity='3')
